[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna ground ourselves back in
familiar territory as we revisit the
campsites and boiler rooms of our youth
in the 2003 film Freddy vs. Jason a film
that's huge on promises and potential
but does it live up let's get to it
we open on a boiler room fit for any
self-respecting child murderer Freddy
takes some time to provide narrative
exposition going over his backstory in
detail for all the Friday the 13th fans
it is his sincerest hope that
rejuvenating Jason and setting him loose
on Elm Street will get Jason's rampage
credited to him instigating fear in the
youngsters and revitalizing his own
power in the process and how that we
know all this we just have to sit back
and watch it in a fool
hey thanks to start we observe a
nighttime skinny dipper getting spooked
for reasons unknown and by wandering
through the woods she eventually manages
to find actual danger and begins running
with a purpose she's eventually caught
and succumbs to CGI that looks exactly
like it's from 2003 when Jason's mother
appears we know we're in a dream where
apparently all it takes to reinflates
desiccated corpse is the power of
persuasion we then transitioned to Elm
Street where our main group of ladies
Lori Kia and Gib are doing lady stuff
trying to unwind and blow off some steam
to help Lori get over the disappearance
of her boyfriend we'll right on cue
Gibbs boyfriend Trey shows up with a
Rando throwing off the party dynamic and
bringing everyone down Trey and Gibbs
sneak off for some alone time and make
me ask you twice
gross after which kid has to go wash
Trey off her which isn't a good sign for
the relationship after leaving him alone
he's visited shortly by Jason he submits
by immediately rolling over and
presenting but Jason only uses this
opportunity to pre sever his spine
before folding him up in the sleep
master all this apparently makes Jason
sleepy because he kills no one else kid
finds Trey and runs out screaming to the
first officer available who happens to
be right outside the plan begins to come
together in a town unfamiliar with Jason
but more than willing to break their own
safety rules
it's got to be Freddy Krueger like a
bunch of ding-dongs Lauri heard but
can't remember so she assumes the
classic thinking position this
inevitably leads her down a path of fake
blood past the missing children and
finds her hanging a left toward the
crying girl who turns out to be a total
freak but she is kind enough to give
Lauri the details on Freddy now with
that part of the plot
we find Blake somewhat stuck in between
he wasn't murdered but he also has no
idea what's going on so he's the perfect
test subject for Freddie to check his
power which is just enough to scare him
but not much else
fortunately Jason's power doesn't
require belief you get your head lopped
off regardless which he does oh just
like Daddy
we're then introduced salary's long-lost
love will and his buddy mark they've
been tucked away in the loony bin and
sustained on a steady diet of hypnocil
as a result of preaching the gospel of
Freddy when will gets a glimpse of
murder on Elm he becomes concerned with
little prompting Markos full 12 monkeys
to distract the guards and when returned
to his room quickly rips out the set of
keys hiki stirred in the pier heads out
back on Elm Street the girls are
comparing notes on what happened while
the local stoners are handing out
pamphlets for a memorial party you know
teen stuff Lori begins to describe her
nocturnal experiences and finds an
instant audience when will appears
before her it's too much and she swoons
while recovering at the nurse's station
kia has a dream experience while a will
and mark run off to the library excited
about studying they find that the town
has attempted to redact Freddie's
existence and that they're part of that
redaction that night the Kornfield
memorial the kids are partying pretty
much exactly like it's 2003 Lori's
unrequited romantic interest is
introduced in Linderman who hits the
insufferable Kea with a third grade burn
assuming of course you can think well
that makeup weighing down your head nice
he's quickly forgotten when will shows
up and fills Lori in on his
convalescence at the institution during
this Gabe wanders drunkenly into the
cornfield passing out and attracting the
attention of several predators Freddie's
about to cement his resurrection when
the unfolding sexual assault attracts
the attention of Jason stealing
Freddie's opportunity Jason then crashes
the party in what must feel to him like
his birthday everyone runs off in
confusion knowing about Freddie but not
knowing what he looks like or anything
about Jason Kea and Lori having just
discovered their dead friend get into an
acting competition do you know Mike I
can't believe she will then confirms
that Lori's dad is involved in
sequestering the teens at the asylum but
mistakenly believes it to be the result
of witnessing him murder his wife a
confusing situation that Laurie's dad
hopes to clarify with some light choking
he doesn't do much else to earn Laurie's
trust after the alarming news why did I
give you
so she heads into a room and then out
the window she's picked up by will and
they try to regroup with mark but her
too late at least he goes out adorned
with some bitching scarification they're
forced to regroup elsewhere and are able
to piece together the whole thing
including the part involving Jason's
name was Jason Voorhees they devised a
plan that requires hypnocil and getting
Jason to take out Freddy and hopefully
wander off to terrorize the Crystal Lake
area after he finds himself free of
Freddy's influence the idea that they
can pit them against each other comes
after things get crass ooh
and then Lauri comes out of her dream
with a piece of Freddy their plan goes
awry at the institution almost
immediately when Freddy takes over free
Burke's body and disposes of the
hypnocil however when Jason shows up
Freiberg takes a stand and provides them
with a different opportunity since they
can now drive the unconscious Jason
directly to Crystal Lake along the way
with Jason being stuck in dream Lee and
Freddy has another opportunity to try to
take him out by utilizing a weakness
that is contradicted by every film in
the series including this one well
there's little consequence in dreamland
regardless so Lorie heads in to try to
retrieve Freddy and feels compelled to
help Jason until she sees that he looks
kind of funny and gets grossed out
as a consequence of this dream sequence
Lorie learns that her dad did not kill
her mom confirming that he's only a
slightly different kind of scumbag
having experimented on children at the
institution in the real world Jason
clumsily starts a fire and has his
murder spree attempts lured in by a
simple table the heat brings back Laurie
and Freddy with her Jason starts
flinging him around like a rag doll
while the others flee they reconvene in
the woods where he tries to lay down a
distraction and will unhesitatingly
accepts her sacrifice like a true
gentleman she tries to goad Freddy with
some witty quips about his manhood but
fails to follow the first rule of improv
which is to always be watching out
behind you Freddy then in turn does
impersonations of chow yun-fat
and wily coyote while Jason squirts
absolutely everywhere they pick each
other apart in brutal fashion while
Orion will put down a layer of gasoline
eventually blowing both villains
sky-high
they're then confronted one last time
before each gets his favorite weapon
used against him to finish the fight the
next morning as a fog rolls over the
lake Jason emerges carrying Freddy's
head which winks in consolation to his
fans who now have to live with the fact
that they picked a loser
and that was Freddy vs. Jason the
current penultimate film of the
franchise was it good enough to bridge
the eight year gap between solo projects
I'm on the fence about that I hope you
enjoyed the video thanks for watching